I've just experienced something no I
would never mess what a wonderful sight
over 500 female reindeer with a honker
on strange but the females grow antlers
over here but where I come from in
England they've got no antlers just the
stags
these poor animals got it very very
tough idea if man told me just now
you're very lucky to come like this you
may come tomorrow you wouldn't see 25
metres in front of you so we've picked a
lovely day to come out here and it's
very very cold like in trouble my
moustache keeps getting hard with bit of
icicles on it
well these reindeer is them a lot
different and our dear home their tails
are a lot shorter their lot stock here
in ours or stock here their feet are a
lot different very very wide and on the
bottoms they got a lot of hair they've
got these white feet to travel through
the snow he's like him like a snowshoe
more or less the coats that jackets are
very very thick and the hairs on the
jackhammer Hollow and there's millions
and millions on that's what keeps him
warm my coat is over an inch thick so
they just don't feel the cold
but it's tough fighting food in the
winter time arrow and maker are given
them extra food because most of these
reindeer are pregnant
and they've got to keep their body
weight up like the red clear a reindeer
normally just his plants over 300
different sorts but in the winter time
there's one plan that's more important
to then an arrest its lichen know this
is where the reindeers have actually
been palling with her feet with the
hoofs I give picks him up in like love
the stick isn't find in like there why
is it important for the Ranger to act
likein because when you can eat NFC
phones like an energy yeah Kelly jacala
yeah this is yeah kala yes infinite yeah
and I noticed something arrow just now
there's a lot of berries here and so
what type of berry is this end is it to
me looks like a Waterbury or blueberry
it's not blueberry but when you eat also
these berries and everything we can find
here if I take down a bit further like
the deer do with our feet and finals
look at us coming out look smaller the
leaves look see all this they eat dry
stuff yeah because they find it very
very difficult this time of year for the
snow or not I mean England a sucker the
same you see they eat branches paramus
leaves of the trees even the sleeve meat
this love they even eat the sticks like
that you wouldn't believe they'll eat
this as well you say you thinking yes
yeah igneel the ends off don't throw yet
and of course what the Sami people used
to eat to keep them going is reindeer
and they still do that's what the
reindeer are actually farm for their
meat
you like it
mancation it yet Oh hmm not bad
this is salt salt 'its you have this
salt you can taste a lot of salt in it
yeah I'm still chewing good jobs I got
some good teeth I think I could eat this
Sam in a bar with a glass of cider yeah
yeah this could get the cider to wash it
down